Come back in this lesson I'm going to show you why we needed the callback.
So initially when we were creating this we actually created a callback and we were returning that response
information in the callback.
And the reason that this is important is because of the way that the file loads.
So when we do load Jaison it immediately goes to the function.
Fires this off and we can only make use of the data when it's actually returned.
So basically what that means that if we want to place that within party we'd have to do it within here.
And this makes this not dynamic.
So really you can do it this way.
But the better way is to make use of the callback.
So that's what I want to do in this lesson is basically I want to do a callback of that value.
And we're not going to do a whole lot different.
Here is we're just going to simply return back that response text and use the callback.
So we saw this before that we've got a function.
Am I going to get rid of this part here.
So this function is going to fire off and it's going to expect a callback within the response we've
got the callback within the function.
And basically we're passing it as a parameter there.
So that means that we can make use of it within the function.
So all we have to do is do callback and I'm going to do the JS on Parse.
On the other end as well.
So let me get rid of that and copy and paste it into there so that we can make use of that response
information here.
So there we go.
So we've got our response text so we still need that.
And this were happening in the callback so response text basically we send them the callback because
remember this is a synchronous.
And if we get any types of errors or problems we're going to just simply return back false to this so
that we just basically returned back false into that function essentially.
So there we go.
So now we can try this another time and we see we get the same output here in the console but this time
we're actually mobile to make use of it here within this function.
And this is actually making this Jaison a loader a whole lot more dynamic which is exactly what we wanted.
I'm going to also get rid of the console lugs because we no longer need that.
And if we ever need to load that Jesus on file and if we want to do something else with it then we can
always load it in at any time because of the callback function.
So now that we've got it this far the next step is to add it into our party array.
So instead of where we had our script we need to load this dynamically so I don't want you to do is
go back a few lessons and we're going to copy and paste some of the code in and we're actually not going
to do the one where we're little local storage.
We're not going to include that part into this because we want to have the ability to make some updates
and pull different file information from online.
So that's one of the reasons why I'd rather not load it into the local storage because that's going
to get a little bit confusing.
We're not going to be able to pick up and differentiate the information on the file and when we make
changes we want that to show up.
So that's the reason why.
So let's go back a few lessons and we're going to add in the rest of that code that we used in order
to build out.
So we still have the CSI us we've got Asynchronous JavaScript we still have that output.
So all the H T model that hasn't changed.
We need to load in so initially what we can do is just bring in all of that content that we had earlier.
And we're just going to make the updates and changes and fixes as we go through it.
So let's bring that information in.
So we had initially we had Party.
And then whenever we the window loaded we build the list.
So this time we've got this chase on function.
So we're going to keep the function the same.
And the thing that's changed is this window is on load.
So we're doing I in I.T..
So let's move this up a bit.
So remember I'm keeping it low chase on in here.
So that's going to allow me to make use of that and sort of build list I'm going to do a few things
where I'm going to move things around.
So instead of window on low build list Let's update that window on Long Island I-T
so that we're going to launch this one.
And now what we do need to know is we need to make sure that this Jason File has loaded before we actually
attempt to build the list.
So that was one of the reasons why we need to wait for that callback to fire off.
And then also let's look at this into party is going to equal to whatever that response back from Jaison
is.
And now let's let's try that out.
So we did have a problem there.
So let's take a quick look and see what's happened because we're still trying to parse that data in
the build list.
We don't need that anymore.
So let's refresh.
And so it looks like that worked properly and we did have some changes within our outputs here so we
lost our checkmarks because I'd saved it in I had saved it into a text file and the text file didn't
keep my checkmarks.
That's what happened there.
So that's active.
So we do some updates and it also didn't keep my exes so amusing these fancy A-S see character X's.
So the drop them basically.
So everything is still working.
And now what I want you to do is create a brand new case on file.
So go ahead and create another one and we're going to link to it.
So add some additional people update the file and make it even more content that the juice on file and
then pull that into the application.
So go ahead and try that out pause the video and I'll show you a solution coming up you had an opportunity
to try that out and with my son you can't actually update it.
You can go in here and you have no option to update it.
So basically you have to create a new case on file every time.
So I know it's not ideal but this is one of the challenges.
And of course if you had the data coming off of your server it would be a whole lot easier to pull that
out.
So we'll keep the same people.
And just to show you that it works just updates some of these values.
And of course you can have as many values as you want here.
And this one will be seven and save that.
So we get a new you are l.
So you got to take that you are l bring it into our file and actually we can close off this Jason one
because we don't need that one any more.
We're not making use of that.
Go back down into where your file is located and you can update that.
So and this is also where we can do some pretty cool things with Jason because we don't have to only
do the callback.
We can pass in a U or L so he could do something like this where we get even more dynamic.
And so the callback What do you are l.
And instead of this let's update this.
So now we're going to be fully dynamic whenever we load this value.
So let's try it out and see if it loads.
So there we go.
So we've got our new entries.
Everybody's working within the list.
And I can also update people dynamically within the list and they just spotted one more bug there that
I don't have those Xs there within my initial set.
So let's let's update that.
So back to those question marks.
And that was just the way that I'd saved the file.
So there we go.
So every time we load we get our list and we're ready to work with that.
So we had an opportunity to try that out and also do some practice with pulling in those Giese on files
using AJAX and then loading that content within your web page.
And you can even do things where you can have a button.
So something that would actually trigger the loading of the on so it doesn't have to be right off the
bat unless you want to use that data right off the bat so you can actually put this into an event listener
and instead of having it lowered you can have a trigger within a page maybe the load data button which
you could click and it would load all of that data in.
So go ahead and try that out and add that into the application.
And then next lesson I'm going to show you even more you can do with Ajax.